HTCONDOR-2284 Add performance tuning of the AP to docs (#2200)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/admin-manual/ap-policy-configuration.rst

file macros` section for details relating to the configuration variables used
to set timing and polling intervals.

Performance Tuning of the AP
----------------------------

Of the three roles (AP, CM, EP) in a HTCondor system, the AP is the most common
place performance tuning is done.  The CM is mostly stateless, and can
typically scale out to very large pools without much additional work.  The EP
daemons aren't resource intensive.  However, as the EP stores the state of all
the jobs under its control, and persistently stores frequent updates to those
jobs, it is not uncommon for the AP to exhaust system resources, like cpu, or

> disk and network bandwidth.

Reviewer: Starts talking about EP and ends with AP... is this supposed to say `However, as the AP...`

Author: Oops. typo.  Fixed.

overloaded schedd.  An administrator can see this attribute by running

.. code-block:: console

    $ condor_status -direct -schedd name-of-schedd -af RecentDaemonCoreDutyCycle

Horizontal Scaling
''''''''''''''''''

While the *condor_schedd* and the machine it runs on can be tuned to handle a
greater rate of jobs, every machine has some limit of jobs it can support.  The
main strategy for supporting more jobs in the system as a whole is simply by
running more schedds, or horizontal scaling.  This may require partitioning
users onto differening submit machines, or submiting remotely, but at the end
of the day, the best way to scale out a very large HTCondor system is by adding
more *condor_schedd*'s.

Putting the schedd's database on the fastest disk
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

The *condor_schedd* frequently saves state to a file on disk, so that in event
of a crash, no jobs will be lost on a restart.  The cost of this reliability,
though, is relatively high.  In addition to writing to the disk, the schedd
uses the fsync system call to force all the data onto the disk. By default,
this file named job_queue.log is written to the :macro:`SPOOL` directory.

> However, if the :macro:`JOB_QUEUE_LOG` will override this path.  Setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the configuration option :macro:`JOB_QUEUE_LOG` will override this path.  Setting
```
